eventHandler 0.2

It's a very simple shell script used to run other shell scripts on particular
events: boot, suspend or resume. Boot is self-explanatory, suspend is going
to screen saver and resume is returning from screen saver.

After installing eventHandler you'll see a scripts directory created in your
user partition. It contains three subdirectories - boot, suspend and resume.
When event occurs, eventHandler runs all scripts in directory matching given
event.

It's simple as that ;) This gives you possibility to run simple scripts
without having to install usb networking and other advanced stuff.
You'll just need a jailbreak.

Installing is easy: just put install file in root directory of user partition
and select "Update your Kindle" from Settings screen. Uninstalling follows the
same pattern.

Package contains also few scripts used by me which can be taken as examples:

'screensaver' changes behavior of screen saver rotating from ordered to
random. Please note that it expects all wallpapers to be named like
bg_medium_ss01.png, with leading zero if number is smaller than 10. Should be
put under resume directory.
NOTE: Of course it will only work when Special Offers are disabled.
If you have SO Kindle, please don't ask how to remove ads. Figure it by
yourself or pay Amazon to remove them. Thank you.

'wpa-eap' can be used to support WPA-EAP WiFi network with client certificate,
like one on my university. You'll need to adapt settings to your
configuration - passphrase, paths to certificates etc. Should be put under
both boot and resume directory.

'rss' can be used to emulate push-to-Kindle functionality from Amazon, but
using your own server. It allows you for instance to synchronize your Kindle
with automatically generated RSS feeds from Calibre without duplicated
entries, like it happens when using Amazons e-mail pushing. It uses titlebar
notifications and checks for timestamp to minimize battery usage on each
resume, so it won't synchronize when not needed. Again, you'll need to
configure it. It will work without any changes, but you probably don't want
to synchronize with my feeds (I left my configuration to allow you checking
by yourselves how it should be configured on the server). It stores files
in /mnt/us/documents/RSS

Please note that example scripts are only tested on Paperwhite.

NOTE: eventHandler runs all your scripts as root, so be careful with what
you include in your scripts! Running "rm -rf /" isn't probably a good idea

If you have Kindle Touch or Kindle Paperwhite, install kindle5 version.
If you have non-touch Kindle 4, install kindle4 version.
Please note that Kindle 4 version is untested!

Enjoy!
